Tigers taking on the Indians after
leaving Thursday's game with abdominal
discomfort Miguel Cabrera in the
starting lineup in this one and he's
batting in the bottom of the 1st with 2
outs against Indians starters Zach
McAllister and Miguel fouls a 1o pitch
and he appears to grimace on the swing
and we would stay in and strike out to
end his at-bat and Cabrera would wind up
being removed in the 3rd Rick Porcello
on the mound for Detroit in a jam in the
top of the second facing as Jubal
Cabrera and there's a diving stop at
Short Iglesias to second
oh man
Iglesias getting it done again
defensively excellent defense but a run
dos score on the play putting the tribe
up one to nothing the Tigers would tie
that one on a sacrifice fly still tied
in the bottom of the third Austin
Jackson hits one up the middle Jason
Kipnis can't make the play it's an RBI
single as Iglesias comes in to score and
the Tigers take a 2-1 lead
later in the inning bases loaded Victor
Martinez at the dish and confusion would
ensue for Cleveland Michael Bourn says I
can't find it
third they stop in there
it's
he never saw so we got go Tigers would
add on another run on a groundout to
make it 5-1
Porcello settling in in the fourth Jason
Kipnis is called out on strikes then in
the fifth with a man on
he gets Yan Gomes to grounded to the 543
double play
Porcello goes 5 and 2/3 allowing five
hits and two runs it's a 6 2 game bottom
7 Omar Infante with an RBI single off of
Matt Albers Victor Martinez comes in to
score Alex Avila trying to go to third
and he decides to play pickle
he gets tagged out to end the inning but
Detroit taking a 72 lead and the rain
would really start to come down and
Detroit after that and they would have
to call this game after 7 the Tigers win
the rain-shortened affair and Detroit
has now taken 6 in a row against
Cleveland Porcello gets his third win in
four starts Bruce Rondon recorded the
final out of the 7th to earn his first
career save and Victor Martinez finished
2 for 3 with 2 ribbies